[WEZL116]
;0x42FCFC59=Ten drunken genetic aberrations left on an island in the Indian Ocean to survive without food, clothes or a moral code. Confused? You should be. And so were all the children who watched this gender-bending freak fest. Thankfully, CNT confirmed today that Hermaphrodite Island will not be returning for a second season. This circus side show was a prime example of the depths to which television has sunk. In the old days, babies with manginas were taken quietly outside and thrown down the well. Well, times have changed. We know that these 'people' can't help the fact that they were born to sin. But what kind of message does it send out when we parade them in front of our kids at 7pm on a Saturday night? Is it any wonder that degenerate behavior continues to thrive among the youth of today? Shemales and ladyboys cavorting around in their underwear. This isn't Thailand. The producers should be ashamed of themselves.
0x42FCFC59=Ten drunken genetic aberrations left on an island in the Indian Ocean to survive without food, clothes or a moral code. Confused? You should be. And so were all the children who watched this gender-bending freak fest. Thankfully, CNT confirmed today that Hermaphrodite Island will not be returning for a second season. This circus side show was a prime example of the depths to which television has sunk. In the old days, babies with manginas were taken quietly outside and thrown down the well. Well, times have changed. We know that these 'people' can't help the fact that they were born to sin. But what kind of message does it send out when we parade them in front of our kids at 7pm on a Saturday night? Is it any wonder that degenerate behavior continues to thrive among the youth of today? Shemales and ladyboys cavorting around in their underwear. This isn't Thailand. The producers should be ashamed of themselves.

;0x6D4B3FB4=Freaks find no home on television
0x6D4B3FB4=Freaks find no home on television

;0x89023228=Weirdos skulk back under rocks
0x89023228=Weirdos skulk back under rocks

;0xE9EA5CE2=Leslie Mitchell
0xE9EA5CE2=Leslie Mitchell

;0xED3F0B47=Hermaphrodite Island cancelled
0xED3F0B47=Hermaphrodite Island cancelled

