[WEZL17]
;0x089004B1=Just when the homosexual community had gained a smatter of respectability by parodying themselves in reality TV shows and sitcoms, they go and ruin it for themselves. The death of Evan Moss, amateur body builder, drug addict and cum receptacle for "Gay" Tony Prince, got himself killed in the most brutal of fashions. This just goes to show that a deviant lifestyle will lead to an unfashionably early arrival at the sodomites' party in Hell. Deputy Mayor, Bryce Dawkins, weighed in on the issue "If America is to remain the moral Christian country I know it is, we need to take the vote away from these people. They can concentrate on picking out wallpaper and leave the choosing of our President to real men."
0x089004B1=Just when the homosexual community had gained a smatter of respectability by parodying themselves in reality TV shows and sitcoms, they go and ruin it for themselves. The death of Evan Moss, amateur body builder, drug addict and cum receptacle for "Gay" Tony Prince, got himself killed in the most brutal of fashions. This just goes to show that a deviant lifestyle will lead to an unfashionably early arrival at the sodomites' party in Hell. Deputy Mayor, Bryce Dawkins, weighed in on the issue "If America is to remain the moral Christian country I know it is, we need to take the vote away from these people. They can concentrate on picking out wallpaper and leave the choosing of our President to real men."

;0x7CF3E146=Gays and Crime, the full story
0x7CF3E146=Gays and Crime, the full story

;0x94BE8065=Lazy days for lackadaisical generation
0x94BE8065=Lazy days for lackadaisical generation

;0xA14DB1C7=Eugene White
0xA14DB1C7=Eugene White

;0xA454F781=Another sodomite on his way to hell
0xA454F781=Another sodomite on his way to hell

;0xB00585F0=Homosexual Homicide
0xB00585F0=Homosexual Homicide

;0xB544B2FB=Leslie Mitchell
0xB544B2FB=Leslie Mitchell

;0xDCDA30BD=The children are our future, they should remember that.
0xDCDA30BD=The children are our future, they should remember that.

;0xE35C2E66=We've had it up to hear with these lazy workers and their lazy lawsuits. Been fired for not showing up to work and taking too many days off? Sue. Boss used strong language about your lack of passion on a project but unlimited time and creativity for your personal blog? Sue. The mainstream media is to blame, which we are not by any means the mainstream media, despite the fact that we have a TV station in every city with at least one stoplight and are on every cable box in America. We're outsiders, we're angry, and these lazy twenty-somethings want to live on the dole of mommy or America and we're not having it. We prefer to be on the dole of corporate tax breaks and subsidies. Sandra McColland , you can sue all you want. If you don't love America and you are too tired from reading your communist pamphlets, die. Please.
0xE35C2E66=We've had it up to hear with these lazy workers and their lazy lawsuits. Been fired for not showing up to work and taking too many days off? Sue. Boss used strong language about your lack of passion on a project but unlimited time and creativity for your personal blog? Sue. The mainstream media is to blame, which we are not by any means the mainstream media, despite the fact that we have a TV station in every city with at least one stoplight and are on every cable box in America. We're outsiders, we're angry, and these lazy twenty-somethings want to live on the dole of mommy or America and we're not having it. We prefer to be on the dole of corporate tax breaks and subsidies. Sandra McColland , you can sue all you want. If you don't love America and you are too tired from reading your communist pamphlets, die. Please.

